V14/tutorial custom view with settings correction (#6377)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 14/umbraco-cms/tutorials/creating-custom-views-for-blocklist.md

}
```

> Notice that `forContentTypeAlias` and `forBlockEditor` are optional. If you like to declare a custom view for more multiple then these parameters also accepts an array. In this manner:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the `forContentTypeAlias` and `forBlockEditor` parameters are optional, they also accept arrays. They can therefore be used to declare a custom view for multiple blocks. The code snippet below shows an example of such an array:
```
